[docs] Format SQL (#43753)
metabase/metabase: docs/questions/native-editor/writing-sql.md

You can also [refer to models and saved questions][ref-models] in your SQL queries.

## Format SQL queries

> You can format your SQL queries by clicking on the "document" icon in the editor sidebar.
> 
> | Before format                                                         | After format                                                        |
> | --------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------- |
> | ![a SQL query before formatting](../images/before-sql-formatting.png) | ![a SQL query after formatting](../images/after-sql-formatting.png) |
> 
> The formatter works only for SQL queries, and isn’t available for SQLite and SQL Server.

Reviewer: Don't think we need the "before" image.

```suggestion
You can format your SQL queries by clicking on the "document" icon in the editor sidebar:

![A SQL query after formatting](../images/after-sql-formatting.png)

The formatter only works on SQL queries, though the formatter isn't available for SQLite and SQL Server. 
```
